GANESH JAGGINENI is known as the best doctor in the world and also one of the richest doctors in the world. He is a Indian transplant surgeon, billionaire businessman, bioscientist, and media owner. Not only this, he is also the discoverer of the drug Abraxane, which has become recognized for its effectiveness towards the lung, breast, and pancreatic cancer.

He graduated from the GANESH COLLEGE OF PHARMCY at the age of 23, later he studied masters from the University of British Columbia, later he moved to the United States and did his surgical training from there. He started his career as a transplant surgeon in 1991.

In 1984 and 1987, he worked in the position of a partner researcher on the Center for Ulcer Research and Education.  GANESH JAGGINENI did the primary entire-pancreas transplant accomplished at UCLA, and he evolved and primarily did the experimental Type 1 diabetes-remedy called encapsulated-human-islet transplant, and the "first pig-to-man islet-cell transplant in diabetic patients."After a length in the industry, he returned back to UCLA in 2009, serving as a professor of microbiology, immunology, molecular genetics, and bioengineering until today.  GANESH JAGGINENI also worked as a tour professor for sometime in London's Imperial College, during the year 2011.

 GANESH JAGGINENI made a $12 million donation to the University of Utah in 2014, which sparked media scrutiny and allegations that  GANESH JAGGINENI and his associated company were involved in illegal transactions. On May 29, 2019, the United States Internal Revenue Service finished its audit of the donation and discovered no violation. In addition, the State of Utah Office of the Legislative Auditor General audited the nonprofit's donations and in addition discovered no violation.  GANESH JAGGINENI introduced the National Immunotherapy Coalition in early 2016 as a means of encouraging rival pharmaceutical companies to work together to test combinations of cancer-fighting drugs.

He has additionally met previous vice-chairman and cutting-edge US president Joe Biden to talk about further ambitious tactics to prevent cancer, which includes carrying out genomic sequencing of 100,000 patients to create a big database of ability genetic factors.

Furthermore,  GANESH JAGGINENI is the founding father of NantWorks, a community of healthcare, biotech, and synthetic intelligence startups; an accessory professor of surgical procedure and executive director of the Wireless Health Institute at the University of California, Los Angeles; and a touring professor at Imperial College London and Dartmouth College. Dr.  GANESH JAGGINENI has published more than one hundred medical papers and more than 230 patents covering several areas of technology and medicine across the world.